Why are you taking the back-end class? What are your current expectations of the back-end class?

I am taking back-end class to understand how front-end is connectd to back-end. I like to learn about 
database and server. Additionally, I like to learn more, practice, and imrpove my Javascript skills. Moreover,
I am interested in pursuing full stack developer as a career which deals with both front-end and back-end. I need the knowledge.

Before front-end class, did you have coding experience? What computer language(s) and how long ago?

Yes, I had an introductory knowledge of python programming. I studied introduction to python programming 
in in early 2019 for about 2 months.

What front-end topics did you find difficult or what did you struggle with?

I am pretty sure when it comes to HTML and CSS subjects, I am able to handle it better than when we talked 
about especially using Json, for instance. The thing about the Javascript and related topics that I struggle with is that if 
I make a mistake especailly when it is related to the logic, it takes me a long time to figure it out and fix it .  

Did the front-end class meet your expectations? Explain how it did or did not.

Yes, front-end class introduced me to how things are designed and worked together cosidering the websites. The projects that
were given in the front-end class made me to apply things that I was thought during the class. I was so interested when I created 
a website to some extent as I was introduced to.


Are you switching careers or looking to add skills to your resume? Why?

I am switching careers. Apart from my interest,I am looking forward to work in the field and support myself financially through it. 
It is like a second chance for me.The reason is due to the job market and related uncertainies for certain jobs especially due to the outbreak.

What books or other resources are you depending on outside of class to enhance your learning?

I do not have a specific book name at the moment. But I try to use library as a resource to find books.
Additionally, I use LinkedIn learning and Lynda.com. However, it all depends on how much and to what level 
you want to find out about some subjects.

Other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, what other computer languages are you currently learning or are interested in learning? Why?

I am interested in knowing C and Python eventhough I am not sure how they are related to web programming. I have heard that 
python is a popular language and it is used in web programming .On the other hand, I heard that it works better towards data science and machine learning. 
I am also interesed in knowing C programming since it can applied to many things.

Where do you see the industry going in the future?

I am exploring to find out more about the tech industry. This is a very good question to think about. I guess it depends on which area you are concentrating on.

After taking the back-end class do you plan or have already planned on continuing your learning in tech? What specifically do you plan on focusing?

I am planning on continuing my learning in tech. I like to design and program websites. Additionally, I am interested in finding out about the UX/UI path and 
related opportunities.  
